you
you ready yeah have you ever killed a
mammal ah no but I saw a mouse fall from
a balcony once you had nothing to do
with it no but it was my balcony and I
took it off of a sticky trap in my place
and it jumped off and committed suicide
oh yeah what's your favorite traffic
sign um wow that's a really good
question thank you I like a railroad
crossing I think it's a really good
choice a good one right yeah yeah our
baby's a miracle yes babies are miracles
you're a miracle are you calling me a
baby um yes you want to do our secret
handshake I would love to do our secret
handshake
to our secret handshake tourists eager
Bushmills Irish whiskey the answer to
all of life's ridiculous questions for
more ridiculousness watch Jimmy Kimmel
Live weeknights at 11:35